[OSDOCS#19044]: Approve CSRs during graceful cluster restart (#112034)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/graceful-restart.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
NAME                           STATUS   ROLES                  AGE   VERSION
ip-10-0-168-251.ec2.internal   Ready    control-plane,master   75m   v1.34.2
ip-10-0-170-223.ec2.internal   Ready    control-plane,master   75m   v1.34.2

> ip-10-0-211-16.ec2.internal    Ready    control-plane,master   75m   v1.34.2

Reviewer: If this is for 4.22, shouldn't this be 1.35?

$ oc get csr
----

.. Review the details of each CSR to verify that it is valid by running:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csr <csr_name> -o jsonpath='{.spec.request}' | base64 -d | openssl req -text -noout
----
+
When validating the CSR, verify that the following fields match your infrastructure expectations:

> +

Reviewer 2: Floating asterisk. Please review code and against the preview: 

<img width="1456" height="532" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/021a958d-4cc9-4333-ba7e-80f29c8aeda2" />

> * *Subject / Common Name (CN):* Must follow the format `system:node:<node_name>` (e.g., `system:node:control-plane-0.example.com`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Subject / Common Name (CN):* Must follow the format `system:node:<node_name>`, such as `system:node:control-plane-0.example.com`.
```

<img width="1142" height="102" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9b934faa-13b7-40aa-8a6e-be0920c00376" />

> * * *Subject / Common Name (CN):* Must follow the format `system:node:<node_name>`, such as `system:node:control-plane-0.example.com`.

Reviewer 2: Why do these needed to be bold? It's not a typical format.

* *Organization (O):* Must be exactly `system:nodes`.

> * *Requested Extensions (Extended Key Usage):* Must list `TLS Web Client Authentication`. <1>

Reviewer 2: callouts should be removed and replaced with an alternative:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j78SA8Y-ZRlVATbVe6D8bdYj7mQzzhOJtGt1xH_3qa0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.vsfnqm21wp0r

[source,terminal]
----
NAME                           STATUS   ROLES    AGE   VERSION
ip-10-0-179-95.ec2.internal    Ready    worker   64m   v1.35.0
ip-10-0-182-134.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   64m   v1.35.0
ip-10-0-250-100.ec2.internal   Ready    worker   64m   v1.35.0
----

> . If the worker nodes are _not_ ready, then check whether there are any pending certificate signing requests (CSRs) that must be approved.

Reviewer 2: If your updating compute nodes, change all worker node entries

Reviewer 2: Search in the preview.

$ oc get csr
----

.. Review the details of each CSR to verify its validity by running:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csr <csr_name> -o jsonpath='{.spec.request}' | base64 -d | openssl req -text -noout
----
+

> Worker node CSRs can be for client certificates (kubelet to API) or serving certificates (API to kubelet). Verify that the following fields match your infrastructure expectations:

Reviewer 2: Compute nodes instead of worker nodes:

+

> * *Subject / Common Name (CN):* Must follow the format `system:node:<worker_node_name>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Subject / Common Name (CN):* Must follow the format `system:node:<compute_node_name>`.
```

* *Organization (O):* Must be exactly `system:nodes`.

> * *Extended Key Usage (EKU):* Must list `TLS Web Client Authentication` (for client requests) or `TLS Web Server Authentication` (for serving requests). <1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Extended Key Usage (EKU):* Must list `TLS Web Client Authentication` (for client requests) or `TLS Web Server Authentication` (for serving requests).
```

[source,terminal]
----
NAME                           STATUS   ROLES                  AGE   VERSION
ip-10-0-168-251.ec2.internal   Ready    control-plane,master   82m   v1.35.0
ip-10-0-170-223.ec2.internal   Ready    control-plane,master   82m   v1.35.0

> ip-10-0-179-95.ec2.internal    Ready    worker                 70m   v1.35.0

Reviewer 2: Do not change coded "worker" reference, only inline text that mentions worker nodes > compute nodes
